# User Personas

**Role:** Student **Bio:** High school or college student, interested in nature
and the environment who is studying biology or environmental science.
**Needs/Goals:** Wants to learn about the biology and the ecology of trees for
her/his exam or project. **Frustrations:** Limited access to resources and
information, difficulty understanding complex scientific terms. **Scenario 1:**
The student is doing research project on local trees and needs to identify
different trees in the area. They visit our website to learn about the
characteristics aof different trees and how to identify them. **Scenario 2:**
The student is preparing for an exam, for which they need to understand how a
tree works. They visit our website to get a more down-to-earth explanation.

---

**Role:** Farmer **Bio:** Small-scale or comercial farmer, earning their living
by selling fruits from a family-owned farm. **Needs/Goals:** Increasing the
amount of crops harvested each year. **Frustrations:** Limited knowledge about
tree management, bad crops make them think they might not be putting enough
proper care into the trees on their farm. **Scenario:** The farmer is looking to
improve the sustainability and efficiency of their farm and wants to learn where
best to plant the very specific species they own or how to fight insects/rodents
harming the trees.

---

**Role:** Traditional Pharmacist **Bio:** A traditional pharmacist who uses
tree-derived medicines for treatment. **Needs/Goals:** Wants to learn more about
different types of trees and their medicinal properties, as well as how to
properly extract and use these compounds for treatment **Frustrations:** Limited
access to information about lesser-known tree species and their medicinal
properties, concerns about sustainable harvesting practices, difficulty finding
reliable sources of tree-derived medicines **Scenario:** The pharmacist is
treating a patient with a particular ailment and wants to learn more about a
tree species that may have medicinal properties for that condition. They visit
your website to research the properties of that tree and how to properly prepare
and administer the medicine.

---

**Role:** Forester **Bio:** Professional or student in forestry, works to manage
and maintain forest ecosystems **Needs/Goals:** Wants to stay up-to-date on
forestry research and best practices, as well as learn about different tree
species and their characteristics **Frustrations:** Limited access to resources
and information, difficulty staying up-to-date on the latest research and
trends, concerns about the impact of climate change on forest ecosystems
**Scenario:** The forester is working on a new forest management plan for a
particular area and wants to learn about the different tree species present in
that area and their ecological roles. They visit your website to access
information and resources on forest ecology and management practices.

---

**Role:** Carpenter **Bio:** Professional or amateur woodworker, may work in
construction or create artisanal wood products **Needs/Goals:** Wants to learn
about different types of wood and their properties, as well as sustainable
forestry practices and responsible sourcing of wood materials **Frustrations:**
Difficulty finding reliable sources of sustainably harvested wood, limited
knowledge of forestry practices and the impact of wood harvesting on the
environment, concerns about the cost and availability of wood materials
**Scenario 1:** The carpenter is looking for a new type of wood to use for a
project, but wants to make sure it is responsibly sourced and has the right
properties for their needs. They visit your website to learn about different
types of wood and sustainable forestry practices.
